hey guys Tommy with cell phones are calm
today we have the HTC evo I have some
smart touch skins decorative stickers
for the most part that you used to
protect your phone and give it a little
bit of personal style and flair and
pizzazz snow 23 pieces of flair but it
should do so I'll show you an install
remove these again they are called the
Smart Touch skins show you how to
install and remove them on the EVO 4G
and that's all there is to it so let's
get into the live demonstration there we
go we have large array more designs are
coming so this is just a small sampling
of what they sent us to let you the
consumer know what they have to offer
we've got pretty pink ones some skulls
and snakes and crazy stuff and then
cutesy but punk rocker you know pink
skulls on black and everything but we'll
just go ahead and pick a run-of-the-mill
design Hannibal hearts and peace can't
go wrong with that so
comes with instructions in case you need
to know and give it a little closer in
here show you what's going on so here's
your evo 4g nice phone but big need some
protection want to give it a little bit
of flair so what you do is basically
pull black pull back right here and
there you go skins are pretty tough make
see what you want to do is just lay this
down right over the bottom I'm going to
try to line up the outlines for home
menu back and search right over the
actual physical keys themselves and then
as you're doing that to pull taut
drag your fingers down the side there
you go front son back is a little easier
you don't have crazy string lines to
deal with I've got a couple of holes
you're trying to line up both on the
bottom and the top so basically just get
bottom hole lined up kind of stretch
that around a little if you did the
bottom right should just lay flat
perfect across the top leaving it open
like so and still cut outs here for
around the 3.5 pulling the back battery
cover off your LED flash expose camera
speaker all that's exposed so gives a
little bit of flare it's kind of nice
edges aren't rough at all once you
really sticker these bad boys down and
once they really stick down it's not too
bad and then pulling these things off
just kind of flick up the corner here
then you can just pull it right off as
well and no sticky residue it's a great
little product here will run off as well
and you're done you can move on to the
next pattern if you didn't like that
particular style or color you'll renews
feel like changing up and you haven't
match an outfit or something in you know
relatively inexpensive again smart touch
skins it's not bad my name is Sam
cellphone truck calm go to cell phone
check calm daily for your latest
cellphone news and reviews check out the
latest reviews and the hollis
accessories thanks for watching this
video I hope you have yourself a great
day